today I'm making a BLT sandwich potato
just regular bacon lettuce and tomatoes
get a twist when I'm making it so just
for a little bit of olive oil in the pan
and now I'm just kind of grilling these
tomatoes in this pan I want to get the
maximum flavor out of them usually you
always use Tomatoes raw just as is but I
just want to add that little added
dimension of cooked a slightly charged
tomatoes yeah
so the tomatoes are looking lovely and
now I'm going to cook the bacon you can
do this in the oven but you know I'm
gonna do this in the frying pan it's
just easier this way I don't need to put
on the oven right now okay so just
spread the oil around and now it's time
to fry up the bacon
you could smell this right now
so the ones that are nice and crisp I'm
just gonna put it on this paper paper
towel to drain but it's also flavor that
is Weaver now all we have to do is just
put together this sandwich you've got
some Mayo here you don't need too much
I'm just going to spread this on the
bread and but I really like adding to it
is just a dash of Worcester sauce no
more otherwise it's just going to
overpower all the other flavors of the
bacon specially this way it just
complements the flavor
so now spread this bread and you know
what makes all the difference when
you're making a sandwich is the bread
that you've got try to get the freshest
possible bread and you know I'm making
it as is if you like you can toast this
bread you can grill it it's nice
any rich way it's just such a classic
sandwich how the first beer is of
lettuce I always like to leave the stalk
out
tomahto is that's it you know this is
just as simple as that there's not too
much going on here but just these few
ingredients are going to give us so much
flavor and at this point just sprinkle
on some salt and pepper
now I'm going to put bacon
this is a bit enough for me
and that is your BLT sandwich
you